♪♪
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Announcer:
From Walt Disney World Resort
in Florida
and Disneyland Resort
in California.
it's the "Disney Parks
Magical Christmas Day Parade."
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Everybody's
starting to feel it ♪
♪ Starting to feel it
in the air ♪
♪ All of the sidewalks.
all of the streetlights ♪
♪ Holiday magic everywhere ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ And then it hits me ♪
♪ It's officially Christmas ♪
♪ And I'm officially yours ♪
♪ I'm officially wishing ♪
♪ For something not in a store ♪
♪ It's already December ♪
♪ The snow's falling. too ♪
♪ Then all of a sudden.
it's true ♪
♪ It's officially Christmas ♪
♪ Now that I'm with you ♪
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ We've been counting down
days all year ♪
♪ Raise a glass.
it's finally here ♪
♪ Oh-oh. oh ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ It's officially Christmas ♪
♪ And I'm officially yours ♪
♪ I'm officially wishing ♪
♪ For something not in a store ♪
♪ It's already December ♪
♪ The snow's falling. too ♪
♪ Then all of a sudden.
it's true ♪
♪ It's officially Christmas ♪
♪ Now that I'm with you ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Baby. now that
I'm with you ♪
♪ Now that I'm with you ♪
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Announcer: Merry Christmas
and happy holidays.
This is the "Disney Parks
Magical Christmas Day Parade."
Get ready for special
holiday performances from...
...with co-hosts Marcus Scribner
and Sherry Cola.
Now. please welcome your hosts.
Derek Hough and Julianne Hough.
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas. everybody!
Hey!
And happy holidays
from Walt Disney World Resort
in Florida.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Where we are still celebrating
the 50th anniversary
of the most magical
place on earth.
You know. watching
the Disney Christmas Day Parade
on Christmas morning
has been a tradition since 1983.
And Julianne and I
have had the honor
of bringing this show
to all of you
for almost 40 years.
Um. wait. wait. wait.
Derek.
That math
doesn't check out.
[ Laughs ]
It's more like seven.
Oh. that makes sense.
Yeah.
[ Laughs ]
But who's counting.
right?
Well. we know how busy
and challenging
life can be these days.
So for you to decide
to spend this special day
with us and our Disney family
means so much.
So true. Julianne.
and seriously.
we really look forward
to this time
with all of you
every single year.
So get ready because
we've got a fantastic show
with wonderful holiday
performances.
exclusive sneak peeks.
amazing floats.
and what you've
all been waiting for.
a personal appearance
from the man himself --
Both: Santa Claus!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoo!
You know what?
Everybody's here.
and it's a Disney
family affair.
Bringing us coverage
from the parade
as it happens.
we have. from Freeform.
"Grown-ish" star
Marcus Scribner.
and "Good Trouble's"
Sherry Cola.
So let's go to Disneyland Resort
in California
right now where
they're standing by.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thanks.
Derek and Julianne.
Now. this is
year two for me.
and I'm just as excited
as if it were my first time.
Marcus. you're
the rookie here.
so just follow my lead
and I'll show you the ropes.
Oh. thank you for that.
Sherry.
You know. I'm a huge fan
of the Christmas Day
Parade.
I've been coming to Disneyland
since I was a kid.
And being here today
makes me feel like a kid
all over again.
Aww. super cute photo.
Marcus.
And speaking
of super cute.
check me out here
at the happiest place on earth.
on one of the happiest days
of my life.
Adorable.
Right?
[ Chuckles ]
How far we've come.
Who knew we'd grow up
to be standing here
together hosting
this magical tradition?
Congratulations.
You're now a member
of an elite club.
and I just have
one bit of advice.
What's that?
Have a great time!
Come on. we're at Disneyland
on Christmas.
Not gonna be a problem.
Trust me.
Oh. and here comes
the parade right now.
I can see it.
Check out those
toy soldiers.
They've been guarding
one of the North Pole's
most beloved people.
Of course.
I'm talking about
the one.
the only Mrs. Claus.
Oh. and there she is.
Hi. Mrs. Claus!
Sherry. I know
you're the expert here.
but I think
I can stump you.
Name one of Mrs. Claus'
favorite pastimes.
Hmm. that's easy!
It's dancing
with the elves.
In fact. I think she
choreographed
this whole number
they're doing.
Check out those moves.
There's Minnie
and Mickey!
And my good friend
Donald Duck.
That guy is such
a trendsetter.
10 out of 10.
I mean. talk about grit.
Alright. right now.
let's go back
to Walt Disney World
with Derek and Julianne.
while I take another
look at my notes.
Wow. Alright.
Well. thank you so much.
you two.
The Disney Parks
Magical Christmas Day Parade
has finally started.
so why don't we
celebrate the occasion
with some great
holiday music?
This group is
a worldwide phenomenon.
They've sold over 50 million
albums around the globe
and probably
a few other planets.
Let's be honest.
[ Chuckles ]
They're definitely
out of this world.
and they always bring the party
wherever they go.
Taking the stage
right now.
here are the legendary
Black Eyed Peas!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ It's a Christmas vibe ♪
♪ It's a cold night. brrr ♪
♪ Yep. it's a holy night ♪
♪ Yeah. we shining bright
like them Christmas lights ♪
♪ Gotta feeling
it's gonna be a good night ♪
♪ It's a Christmas vibe ♪
♪ It's a cold night. brrr ♪
♪ Yep. it's a holy night ♪
♪ Yeah. we shining bright
like them Christmas lights ♪
♪ Gotta feeling
it's gonna be a good night ♪
♪ Check my Christmas vibe.
I stay cool like snow ♪
♪ Yeah. they call me Santa.
'cause I got the dough ♪
♪ Yo. I'm Santa. Santa.
ho. ho. ho ♪
♪ I'm Santa. Santa. ho. ho ♪
♪ Feel my Christmas vibe.
feel my Santa flow ♪
♪ Got my girl a bag
with the Gucci. yo ♪
♪ Got her red bottoms
with the open toes ♪
♪ And Balenciaga and a Lambo ♪
♪ Call me Saint Nick.
handing out gifts ♪
♪ Tell me what you like ♪
♪ I'mma write a list ♪
♪ Merry. Merry.
Merry Christmas. hey ♪
Merry Christmas ♪
♪ It's the Christmas vibe ♪
♪ It's a cold night. brrr ♪
♪ Yep. it's a holy night ♪
♪ Yeah. we shining bright
like them Christmas lights ♪
♪ Gotta feeling
it's gonna be a good night ♪
♪ It's a Christmas vibe ♪
♪ It's a cold night. brrr ♪
♪ Yep. it's a holy night ♪
♪ Yeah. we shining bright
like them Christmas lights ♪
♪ Gotta feeling
it's gonna be a good night ♪
♪ Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho. ho ♪
♪ Gotta feeling
it's gonna be a good night ♪
♪ Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho. ho ♪
♪ Gotta feeling
it's gonna be a good night ♪
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Ah. yeah. check it out ♪
♪ This is it.
bet you won't. bet you won't ♪
♪ Bet you will not forget it ♪
♪ 'Cause it won't get
better than ♪
♪ Better than this ♪
♪ No. it don't get ♪
♪ Better than.
better than this ♪
Come on!
♪ Simply the best ♪
Hey!
Come on!
♪ Simply the best ♪
♪ This hit right here ♪
♪ Baby. this hit right here ♪
♪ This that hit
that I wanna hear ♪
♪ This that hit.
the hit of the year ♪
♪ Got me livin' on
the top. top tier ♪
♪ Can't stop. won't stop.
no fear ♪
♪ Make my drink disappear ♪
♪ Make the glass go
clink-clink. cheers ♪
Will: ♪ I want this
and not nothing less ♪
♪ All that BS.
put that to rest ♪
♪ I've been living life
to the fullest ♪
♪ That's my definition
of blessed ♪
♪ Negative step to the left ♪
♪ Primitive step to the left ♪
♪ I'll be steppin' right
to the higher level ♪
♪ Steppin' with giant steps ♪
♪ And if I fall.
la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ I'll get up
and keep standin' tall ♪
♪ I keep blockin'
all of them haters ♪
♪ Like I'm Kareem Abdul-Jabbar ♪
♪ You rockin' with the best.
oh. yes. for sure ♪
♪ I stay fresh. international ♪
♪ And if you don't know.
we gon' let you know ♪
♪ Tell 'em in Español ♪
♪ We say.
"Esto es lo mejor" ♪
♪ Ah. yeah. check it out ♪
♪ This is it. bet you won't.
bet you won't ♪
♪ Bet you will not forget it ♪
♪ 'Cause it won't get better
than. better than this ♪
♪ No. it don't get better than.
better than this ♪
Come on!
♪ Simply the best ♪
Christmas!
Disney!
♪ Simply the best ♪
What's up?
Hey!
Merry Christmas. everybody!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoo!
Black Eyed Peas!
That was amazing!
Oh. my goodness.
First of all.
so good to have you back here.
What is it like to actually be
performing on Christmas Day.
and why does that make it
extra special?
It is fantastic.
It's a dream come true.
We're honored to be here.
This beautiful stage in front of
this beautiful backdrop.
Like. seriously. like...
dang.
A few of you
actually have a history
with Disney Parks.
What does it feel like
to be back here?
So. ladies and gentlemen.
I know we are in Disney World.
I used to be a custodial worker
in 1994-'95
in Anaheim
at Disneyland.
Thanks to Disney.
I learned work ethic.
I learned persistence.
holding on to my dreams
and my aspirations.
'cause during the day
I was working at Disneyland.
at night
I was pursuing my dreams
with
the Black Eyed Peas.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Amazing. I love it.
Yes!
Tell us your history.
I was adopted as a kid
from the Philippines.
and the first place
I went to was Disneyland.
And it was over.
I was like. "Oh. my God.
I want to stay
in America forever."
And here I am.
Aww. that's amazing.
I just got chills
hearing that story.
Well. thank you so much.
That was unbelievable.
Give it up one more time
for Black Eyed Peas!
Whoo!
Thank you.
That was awesome.
Merry Christmas and happy
holidays to you and yours.
Merry Christmas. everybody!
Merry Christmas!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Announcer: Christmas is here.
and we're celebrating
with some of the biggest names
in music
with great performances
by Meghan Trainor...
Merry Christmas!
Announcer:
...Ne-Yo. and Maren Morris.
And we have a special sneak peek
of the upcoming movie
"Ant-Man and the Wasp:
Quantumania."
and the new attraction --
TRON Lightcycle Run.
Plus so much more
when the "Disney Parks Magical
Christmas Day Parade" returns.
Come be a part of the world's
most magical celebration.
now through March.
A once-in-a-lifetime moment
filled with once-in-a-lifetime
magic.
and all that's missing is you.
Join us now for
the Walt Disney World
50th Anniversary Celebration.
only through March 31. 2023.
Stay in the magic of the
celebration before it's gone.
Save up to $400
on a 4-night/4-day
room & ticket package
at select Disney Resort hotels.
♪♪
We hope your holiday season
is full of wonder. magic.
and so much love.
with a little adventure
thrown in for good measure.
Enjoy every moment
with those that you love.
Happy holidays
from our
"Avatar: The Way of Water"
family to yours.
♪♪
Welcome back to the most
magical place on Earth.
The holidays at Disney Parks
are so special.
It's like walking into
a life-size Christmas card.
I couldn't agree more.
Derek.
And there is a season's greeting
around every corner.
making it the perfect place
to celebrate with friends.
family. and loved ones.
And I'm so happy that I get to
be with you here. big bro.
and all of you at home.
Aww. sis.
You know what?
Flattery will
get you everywhere.
Alright. let's keep
the celebration going
with some more music
from a global superstar.
She's a singer-songwriter who's
taking the stage right now.
so let's switch things up
and head across the country
to one of my favorite places.
Disneyland Resort.
Coming to us from
New Orleans Square.
singing "My Kind of Present"
from her album.
"A Very Trainor Christmas."
give it up
for Meghan Trainor!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ You ♪
♪ You're my kind of present ♪
♪ Yeah. you ♪
♪ You're my-y-y.
my angel from heaven ♪
♪ So go and tell Santa ♪
♪ Don't bring me nothin' ♪
♪ You and me for the holiday ♪
♪ Sittin' by the fire.
caroling ♪
♪ Don't buy me anything ♪
♪ Just put your hands
all over me ♪
♪ 'Cause you ♪
♪ I want you
♪ Yeah. you ♪
♪ Only you ♪
♪ I know what you could do ♪
♪ For this Christmas.
come through ♪
♪ So. baby ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ You don't say maybe ♪
♪ Maybe ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't care
'bout your money ♪
♪ I've been kinda lonely.
I know that you want me ♪
♪ Baby. I want you ♪
♪ You're my kind of present ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ You're my-y-y.
my angel from heaven ♪
♪ So go and tell Santa ♪
♪ Don't bring me nothin' ♪
♪ My family adores you.
they cooked extra for you ♪
♪ This party can't start
without you ♪
♪ 'Cause you'll bring them
good vibes ♪
♪ Stay with me all night ♪
♪ I know what you should do ♪
♪ For this Christmas.
come through ♪
♪ So. baby ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ You don't say maybe ♪
♪ Maybe ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't care
'bout your money ♪
♪ I've been kinda lonely.
I know that you want me ♪
♪ Baby. I want you ♪
♪ You're my kind of present ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ You're my-y-y.
my angel from heaven ♪
♪ So go and tell Santa ♪
♪ Don't bring me nothin' ♪
♪ Whoa. baby ♪
♪ You don't say maybe ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't care
'bout your money ♪
♪ I've been kinda lonely ♪
♪ And I know that you want me ♪
♪ And. baby. I want you ♪
♪ You're my kind of present ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ You're my.
my angel from heaven ♪
♪ So go and tell Santa ♪
♪ Don't bring me nothin' ♪
♪ Baby. I want you ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ You're my.
my angel from heaven ♪
♪ So go and tell Santa ♪
♪ Don't bring me nothin' ♪
Merry Christmas!
Meghan sure knows how
to bring the holiday cheer.
Amazing.
Most definitely.
Okay. Derek.
guess what's coming to
the Magic Kingdom next spring?
What's that?
I will give you
a little hint.
It's one of
the fastest coasters
at any Disney theme park
in the world.
Was it inspired
by Disney's movie "TRON"?
Uh-huh.
TRON Lightcycle Run.
I cannot wait for that ride!
And we've got a sneak peek
at this high-speed adventure
coming right here to the
Magic Kingdom this spring 2023.
Freeform's Trevor Jackson
and Daniella Perkins
went to Tomorrowland
for a behind-the-scenes look
at TRON Lightcycle Run.
so check it out.
Hey. guys. we're here at
Magic Kingdom in Tomorrowland.
where Walt Disney's vision of
the future is on full display.
Daniella: That's right. this is
where classic attractions
like Walt Disney's Carousel
of Progress and Space Mountain
broke ground on what the future
of Walt Disney's Imagineering
could look like.
Yes.
And today
is especially awesome.
We're very excited
because we get to visit
the newest attraction --
TRON Lightcycle Run.
I think we should head over
there now.
Oh. yeah. Let's go.
What do you think?
Let's do it.
Hey. welcome!
Hi.
You guys are gonna
need these.
Okay.
Thank you.
Welcome to TRON Lightcycle Run.
I'm Chris.
I'm the creative director
for the project.
and you guys are here at
like. the perfect time.
'cause we're right in the middle
of test and adjust
and there's so much
to share with you.
Wow. okay. so I have
a question for you.
Why TRON?
I mean. have you
seen the movie?
[ Laughs ]
Right?
That story was amazing.
Those movies were incredible.
Yeah. they are.
I remember watching it
for the first time
and all I wanted to do
was go into the grid
and be a part
of those incredible battles
and games
that took place.
You'll get to see
in a minute.
You get to board it
and you sit down.
and. you know --
Wait. so you're like this
on it?
Oh. yeah. just like
you're on the bike.
Oh. wow.
And then we get to launch
you into the grid.
so it's quite a thrill.
I mean. look. Here it comes.
It's not gonna disappoint.
Yeah. it's one of
the fastest roller coasters
here at
Walt Disney World.
Wow.
Okay. wait.
that's incredible.
So what's your favorite
part of the ride?
That right there.
That?
[ Laughter ]
Should we go inside
and check it out?
Oh. absolutely.
Yes. yes.
Let's do it.
We gotta do that.
[ Alarm blares ]
Here we are.
We're here in the load station
of TRON Lightcycle Run.
You know. this is such
an immersive experience.
like. from the detailing
to the lights.
What would you say is
the most difficult thing
when it comes to creating
a space like this?
I would say it's
bringing hundreds and hundreds
of incredibly talented
Imagineers together
who are
lighting designers
and ride engineers
and storytellers
to create a space
that's immersive like this.
Yeah. I mean.
I definitely feel like
I'm in the movie
right now.
Good. that's what we were
trying to achieve
with that immersiveness.
Mission accomplished.
What the really cool
thing is.
we're getting ready to test
the ride and we're getting ready
to launch some Imagineers
into the grid.
Do you want to see it?
Yes.
Oh. yeah.
Alright. here we go.
Oh. look. they're taking off!
Oh!
Hi!
Good luck. guys!
Have fun.
See you on
the other side.
That looks so cool.
♪♪
Oh. those are my homies.
I miss them so much.
Wow. that looks really cool.
I cannot wait.
My buddy Trevor will be back
with an amazing performance
a little later in the show.
but coming our way right now
is something that
is literally cool.
It's the
Winter Wonderland float!
Okay. there is no time
for jokes. Marcus.
Save the puns
for later.
We have some serious.
serious facts
to get out right now.
Okay.
Like. did you know
that there are three poems
that appear
throughout the parade?
And the first one welcomes us
to Anna and Elsa's frozen realm.
That is awesome. And did you see
that massive Christmas tree?
Absolutely beautiful.
You know. mine actually
looks just like it.
Seeing it in person
last year inspired me
to step my game up
this year.
Hmm. That's Disney.
Always inspiring us
to dream big.
And speaking of big.
2023 is the 100th anniversary
of the Walt Disney Company.
I can remember the first time
I felt the magic of Disney --
watching "Hercules"
inspired me to be strong.
Mm.
How about you. Sherry?
I was lucky enough to attend
the world premiere
of the live action
"Mulan."
Seeing such
a classic film come to life
meant the world
for the whole community.
That's awesome.
Well.
the Disneyland Resort
is celebrating
in a spectacular way.
Starting on
January 27th.
you can be among
the first to experience
the Disney100 celebration
here at Disneyland Park
and across the way
at Disney California
Adventure Park.
I'm talking
platinum decorations.
new costumes
for Mickey and his pals.
and two new
nighttime spectaculars
you won't want to miss.
Announcer:
Santa is on his way!
And there's more amazing
holiday music to come.
David Foster
and Katharine McPhee
take the stage
with a Christmas classic.
Plus. straight from Italy.
the incredible Il Volo.
and more Christmas parade magic
when we return.
♪♪
Hey. everyone.
This is Rachel Zegler
from Disney's "Snow White."
and I just wanted to wish you
a very happy holidays.
Hope you're having
a happy and healthy one
with all of your families.
and I'm sending much love
from my home to yours.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Feliz Navidad!
Happy holidays to you and yours.
♪♪
Welcome back.
Jules. I bet
you can't tell me
three facts about
our next performers.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah.
Game on.
They met as teenagers
on a competition show
over 10 years ago.
Uh-huh.
They coined
the phrase "popera"
to describe their
unique brand of music.
Okay. Alright.
That's pretty cool.
Okay. next.
What else?
Okay. and they are
proven Christmas experts.
How -- How can you
prove that?
Well. their album
"Special Christmas Edition"
has sold over
a million copies.
Okay. I have to say.
I'm pretty impressed.
Yeah.
That was more than
I expected.
So what do I win?
Well. you get to
intro them.
Well. good. Okay.
All the way from Italy.
here's Il Volo!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ So this is Christmas ♪
♪ And what have
you done ♪
♪ Another year over ♪
♪ And a new one
just begun ♪
♪ And so
this is Christmas ♪
♪ I hope you have fun ♪
♪ The near
and the dear ones ♪
♪ The old and the young ♪
♪ A very merry
Christmas ♪
♪ And a happy
New Year ♪
♪ Let's hope
it's a good one ♪
♪ Without any fear ♪
♪ And so
this is Christmas ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ For weak and for strong ♪
♪ For rich
and the poor ones ♪
♪ The war is so long ♪
♪ And so
happy Christmas ♪
♪ For black
and for white ♪
♪ For yellow and red ones ♪
♪ Let's stop all the fight ♪
♪ A very
merry Christmas ♪
♪ And a happy New Year ♪
♪ Let's hope
it's a good one ♪
♪ Without any fear ♪
♪ And so
this is Christmas ♪
♪ War is over ♪
♪ And what have we done ♪
♪ If you want it ♪
♪ Another year over ♪
♪ War is over ♪
♪ And a new one just begun ♪
♪ And so happy Christmas ♪
♪ War is over ♪
♪ We hope you have fun ♪
♪ If you want it ♪
♪ The near and the dear ones ♪
♪ War is over ♪
♪ The old and the young ♪
♪ Now ♪
♪ A very merry Christmas ♪
♪ And a happy New Year ♪
♪ Let's hope
it's a good one ♪
♪ Without any fear ♪
♪ And so this is Christmas ♪
♪ War is over ♪
♪ And what have we done ♪
♪ If you want it ♪
♪ Another year over ♪
♪ War is over ♪
♪ And the new one
just begun ♪
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Ooh. that was
beautiful.
Okay. do you know how to say
"Merry Christmas" in Italian?
Yeah. that's easy.
"Merry Christmas in Italian."
[ Laughs ]
Okay. you got me there.
Or you could also say
Buon Natale.
Yeah. I knew that.
Sure. you did.
Alright. now it's time to meet
a truly inspiring family
who are using the power
of social media
to bring awareness
to their community.
Let's meet the Arevalos.
♪♪
[ Giggling ]
[ Children laughing ]
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Laughter ]
♪♪
What an inspiring
family.
And there they are.
enjoying the parade.
Hey!
That's what Disney
is all about.
We're gonna take a quick break
and be right back
with more "Disney Parks
Magical Christmas Day Parade."
♪♪
Announcer:
It's Christmas Day
and there are more
magical performances on the way.
David Foster
and Katharine McPhee
bring holiday cheer
from the Walt Disney World
Resort in Florida.
Plus. a special performance
from Trevor Jackson
aboard the Disney Wish.
coming up.
Welcome to
the happiest place on Earth.
where your happy is everywhere.
anywhere.
He's "pew-pew pew-pew"
kind of happy.
They're even happier.
And you? You're
the happiest of them all.
because this place
has all the happy
you never knew could exist.
so you're a new kind of happy
every time you visit.
Welcome to your
happiest place on Earth.
only at the Disneyland Resort.
Make every visit your happiest
at the Disneyland Resort
for as low as $104 per person
on select weekdays
with a 1-day. 1-park per day
tier 0 ticket
from January 9th through
February 8. 2023.
♪♪
Hey. my name is Preston Oliver
from
"Secrets of Sulphur Springs."
and I'm here
to wish you and your family
a very merry Christmas
and a happy New Year.
Hi. I'm Shiloh. Happy holidays.
Hey. "Good Trouble" fans.
This is Josh Pence.
Dennis from "Good Trouble."
I just want to
wish you a happy holidays.
Hope you guys
are well out there.
Please be safe. Take care.
Love your families.
and keep watching.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Ever since I was a little girl.
I've always loved the holidays.
The goodness of humanity
seems to shine
brightest
this time of year.
We could use a little more
of that every single day.
I absolutely agree.
Jules.
and with so much
going on in the world.
it's great to have this time
to spend together every year.
Hey. you know
what we should do?
We should start
a challenge.
The "Pretend every day is
Christmas Day Challenge."
What you think?
[ Laughs ]
Um. okay. but you know that
that means like.
wearing Christmas sweaters
in July. right?
Yes.
And you always get
really itchy.
I do.
So. you know.
like. when you overheat...
Super hot.
Always just hot.
Good point.
You know. let's just keep it
one day a year. huh?
Just one day a year?
Alright. good idea.
Good idea.
Our next performers
are an amazing musical team.
In fact. they are a duet
in real life.
He's a legendary
16-time Grammy winner.
and she is a chart-topping
singer. songwriter. and actress.
And we are so honored
to have them right here
on the Cinderella Castle
stage.
So let's give
a Walt Disney World welcome
to David Foster
and Katharine McPhee!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ I'll have a blue Christmas ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ I'll be so blue ♪
♪ Just thinking about you ♪
♪ Decorations of red ♪
♪ On a green Christmas tree ♪
♪ Won't mean a thing ♪
♪ If you're not here with me ♪
♪ And when those
blue snowflakes ♪
♪ Start falling ♪
♪ That's when those
blue. blue memories ♪
♪ Start calling ♪
♪ You'll be doing alright ♪
♪ With your Christmas of white ♪
♪ But I'll have a blue ♪
♪ Blue. blue. blue Christmas ♪
♪♪
♪ Decorations of red ♪
♪ On a green Christmas tree ♪
♪ Won't mean a thing ♪
♪ If you're not here with me ♪
♪ I'll have a blue Christmas ♪
♪ That's certain ♪
♪ That's when those
blue. blue heartaches ♪
♪ Start hurting ♪
♪ You'll be doing alright ♪
♪ With your Christmas of white ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ But I'll have a blue ♪
♪ Blue. blue ♪
♪ Christmas ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
Whoo! Wow!
Give it up!
Oh. my goodness.
That was one
of the most beautiful songs!
Gorgeous.
So. it's actually
been kind of a long time
since you've
recorded together.
but now you have
a Christmas album out.
so tell us
a little bit about that.
So crazy.
We met on "American Idol."
[ Cheers and applause ]
And the first single I recorded
was at his beautiful studio.
I drove up
my little Honda Civic
and pulled up
and I recorded with him.
It was a song called
"Somewhere Over the Rainbow."
And then
a few years later...
We made
a Christmas album.
...we made
Wow. Unbelievable.
I love stories like that.
So what's different about
recording a Christmas album?
I've done so many Christmas
albums. you know.
with Michael Bublé and
Josh Groban. Bocelli. Celine.
Name drop. name drop.
And now Katharine McPhee.
But you get used to
recording in July.
'cause you have to do it
in July in the heat.
And it's just. you know...
Sort of like
how it is right now.
Yeah. it's just.
recording is recording.
I feel like it's gotten me
into the Christmas spirit
much earlier this year.
so that was -- that's been fun.
The Christmas decorations
have been up since July.
since we made this record.
That's the tradition.
I just love it.
She loves it
more than anything.
Love to put the Christmas
music on and pull it all out.
Well. I love it.
You were unbelievable.
That is a beautiful.
beautiful song.
Thank you.
And happy holidays
to both of you.
And likewise. Right back
to you and your brother.
Merry Christmas.
Happy holidays.
Well.
they will be back
with another performance
later in the show.
And we've got more Disney
Christmas Day magic on the way.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Announcer: The Disney Parks
Magical Christmas Day Parade
continues to make its way down
Main Street. U. S. A.
Plus. more holiday music
is on the way
from Maren Morris
and Chloe Flower
when this holiday celebration
returns.
♪♪
Come on out!
All clear.
♪♪
Live your Star Wars story
in a new two-night adventure.
Only at Walt Disney World
Resort.
♪♪
Hi. my name is
Peyton Elizabeth Lee.
from "Doogie Kamealoha. M. D.."
and I just wanted to wish
you and your friends and
your family a happy holidays.
I hope it's special
and filled with magic.
Happy holidays. everybody.
and happy Hanukkah.
I hope you have an amazing time
with your friends and family.
Let's spread the love this year.
Mwah.
Happy holidays
from my family to yours.
Sherry:
Welcome back to "Disney Parks
Magical Christmas Day Parade."
I don't know why.
but I kind of
just got a craving
for something sweet.
Marcus: Uh. that's probably
because the candy house
is making its way by
Sleeping Beauty Castle
as we speak.
Did you know that
the gingerbread house float
is almost 16 feet tall.
which by gingerbread house
standards. is absolutely huge?
That is a lot
of gingerbread.
And it's been a part of
the Christmas Fantasy Parade
since 1995.
1995?
You know. I've dreamt of living
in it since I was a kid.
Wouldn't it be great
to just take a bite
out of a table
when you feel hungry?
I mean. you'd never have
to go grocery shopping.
Yeah. you should probably
talk to Pluto or Goofy
about renting it out.
I'm sure they can
hook you up.
Maybe don't mention the part
about eating it. though.
Good advice.
Yeah.
You know. this float
also comes fully loaded
with a recipe
for gingerbread treats.
I've made them -- well.
I've tried to make them.
and they're delicious.
Alright. let's check back
with Julianne and Derek
and see what's happening
back
at the Magic Kingdom
in Walt Disney World.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Oh. I can never get enough
of that candy house.
I love it.
[ Laughs ]
Yeah. me too.
I even had a dream
that I lived in it
and I ate this
giant marshmallow.
When you woke up.
was your pillow missing?
As a matter of fact.
it was missing.
[ Laughs ]
Oh.
Okay. well.
you'll probably be fine?
Probably?
Okay. we told you
we had some awesome surprises
in store for you.
and I think it's time
for another one.
Disney Cruise Line's
newest ship. the Disney Wish.
has set sail for
the first time this summer.
Disney Wish brings the stories
of Disney. Star Wars.
and Pixar to life
like never before.
and it also is home to some
really incredible entertainment.
So let's head out to the open
seas and on to the Disney Wish
for a special
Christmas Day treat.
Make some noise for
the multi-talented singer
and star of Freeform's
"Grown-ish." Trevor Jackson.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ Out of all the reindeer ♪
♪ You know you're
the mastermind ♪
♪♪
♪ Run. run. Rudolph ♪
♪ Randolph ain't
too far behind ♪
♪ So run. run. Rudolph ♪
♪ Santa's gotta
make it to town ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Santa. make 'em hurry ♪
♪ Tell 'em he can
take the freeway down ♪
♪♪
♪ We're gonna
party on the water ♪
♪ We're dancin. keep movin' ♪
♪ We're shakin'.
we're groovin' ♪
♪ Magic's in the air right now ♪
♪ The boys and all the girls ♪
♪ They need their presents ♪
♪ So. Rudolph. keep runnin' ♪
♪ 'Cause Santa's gotta
make it to town ♪
♪ Ooooh. yeah ♪
♪ Santa's gotta
make it to town ♪
♪ Ooooh. yeah ♪
♪ Santa's gotta
make it to town ♪
♪ Santa to a boy child ♪
♪ What have you
been longing for? ♪
♪ What is it that you've
♪ He said.
"All I want for Christmas ♪
♪ Is a rock 'n roll
electric guitar" ♪
♪♪
♪ Up. up and away went Rudolph ♪
♪ Whizzing like
a shooting star ♪
♪♪
♪ It doesn't matter
where you're from ♪
♪ It can be Christmas
wherever you are ♪
♪ So sing it. come on ♪
♪ Run. run. Rudolph ♪
♪ Santa's gotta
make it to town ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Santa. make 'em hurry ♪
♪ Tell him he can take
the freeway down ♪
♪ Down. down. down ♪
♪ We're gonna ♪
♪ Party on the water ♪
♪ We're dancin'. keep movin' ♪
♪ We're shakin'.
we're groovin' ♪
♪ Magic's in the air right now ♪
♪ The boys and all the girls ♪
♪ They need their presents ♪
♪ So. Rudolph. keep runnin' ♪
♪ 'Cause Santa's
gotta make it to town ♪
♪ Ooooh. yeah ♪
♪ Santa's gotta
make it to town ♪
♪ Ooooh. yeah ♪
♪ Santa's gotta
make it to town ♪
♪ Ooooh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Santa's gotta
make it to town ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Merry Christmas.
Happy holidays.
One love.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
Um. Julianne.
what -- what are you doing?
We have a show to host.
Oh. oh. just booking
a trip on a Disney cruise.
Oh. okay. well. while you get
ready for that trip.
I'm gonna get ready
for another superhero adventure
heading to the big screen
in February.
[ Clears throat ] Let's
head over to Avengers Campus
at Disney California Adventure
Park
to get the inside scoop.
The Wasp herself.
Evangeline Lilly.
is standing by
at this very moment.
Evangeline.
what's happening over there?
Hi. I'm Evangeline Lilly.
also known as the Wasp.
And I'm here with
the beautiful Kathryn Newton.
who plays the role
of Cassie Lang.
Scott Lang's daughter.
Mm-hmm.
Remember little Cassie?
She's all grown up now.
Aww.
We are here to get ready
for the biggest Ant-Man film yet
by checking out
some of the attractions here
at Avengers Campus
at Disneyland Resort.
Kathryn.
are you ready?
I'm so ready.
I'm pretty ready. too.
Okay. let's go.
Let's do it.
Let's go.
♪♪
Oh. my gosh!
[ Screaming ]
[ Alarm blares ]
Oh. my God.
[ Both screaming ]
♪♪
Here it comes.
Yeah. dude!
Cheers. man!
Oh. my God.
♪♪
I'm just shooting
wherever!
[ Lasers firing ]
♪♪
Whew!
That was really exciting.
[ Laughs ] It was.
And I'm super pumped to tell
them all about our new movie.
"Ant-Man and the Wasp:
Quantumania."
This time. we're heading
to the Quantum Realm.
a secret universe
beneath ours.
Get ready for a
larger-than-life journey
coming to theaters
February 17th.
But right now. we've got
a special look just for you.
Check it out.
People still need help.
Dad.
That's why we made this.
[ Beeping ]
It's like a satellite
for deep space.
but Quantum.
It's amazing.
[ Whirring ]
[ Screaming ]
♪♪
Where are we?
♪ When are you gonna
come down? ♪
♪ When are you going to land? ♪
Kang the Conqueror:
This place...
♪ I should have stayed
on the farm ♪
...it isn't what you think.
♪ I should have listened
to my old man ♪
♪ Ahh. ahh. ahh ♪
♪ Ahh ♪
I can get you home.
[ Clicking ]
And give you more time.
if you help me.
♪ Ahhh ♪
So what's it gonna be.
Ant-Man?
♪♪
Announcer: The Christmas Day
Parade continues
with Disney princesses
and princes
on their way
and ready to celebrate.
Plus. David Foster
and Katharine McPhee
return to the stage
with a new holiday classic.
And still to come.
the incomparable Ne-Yo.
You don't want to miss it.
♪♪
[ Book thuds ]
♪ A dream is a wish
your heart makes ♪
♪♪
♪ If you just keep on
believing ♪
♪ The dream that you wish ♪
♪ Will come true ♪
♪♪
Happy holidays.
Merry Christmas.
and I hope you have a great.
merry Christmas.
Hi. it's Elle Graham from
"Secrets of Sulphur Springs."
I hope you have
the best holidays
with your family and friends.
We're back!
The heart of the magic of Disney
comes from its cast members.
a group of people dedicated
to making the Disney experience
come alive
for every single guest.
We're about to meet
a lifelong Disney fan
whose dream came true
eight years ago
when he became
one of those cast members.
and now he's a recipient
of the highest distinction
cast members.
crew members.
Imagineers. and employees
at Disney Parks can get --
the Walt Disney
Legacy Award.
Let's meet
Jonathan Maisel.
[ Cheers and applause ]
My name is Jonathan Maisel.
and I am a park duty manager
here at EPCOT.
I grew up in Florida.
I'm originally from
Fort Lauderdale. Florida.
and Walt Disney World
was my family's
vacation destination.
It was always
the cast members that made me
keep wanting to come back
to Walt Disney World.
because every time I met
a cast member.
it was just
a different interaction.
and the magic it created for me.
I always knew as a kid.
this is where I wanted to be.
So I've been a cast member
at Disney here for eight years.
Our role as
the park duty manager
is helping maintain the park.
So we're going around.
checking in
with all our lines of business
and just seeing
the flow of the park.
You look a little lost.
How may I assist you today?
Have fun tonight!
I think my favorite part
of interacting with our guests
is finding out more about them.
Where are they traveling from?
Why are they here?
You know.
what are we celebrating today?
So to see the smile
on their face
when they come
through the gates.
it's just unbelievable.
The Legacy Award is a
very. very prestigious honor
that only a very small
percentage
of our cast members
are nominated for
and then selected.
Jonathan: It's through
a whole nomination process.
and it's all a surprise.
so you have no idea.
For me. I was actually
in a meeting. and I look.
and there was that
Walt Disney plaque
and my name.
and I was just stunned.
Karen: He is so deserving.
Jonathan has always had
a very strong cast focus.
Our cast are so important.
Having them know what
their value is really translate
into how they perform their role
and how they make
our guests feel.
I think the most important thing
about this award
and receiving it
is that it came from peers
who felt that I do dream.
create. and inspire.
Every day.
putting on this name tag.
I still shake every day.
Karen: When people see someone
wearing a blue name tag.
they automatically
put you in almost like
a different category.
And for Jonathan.
I think when they see him.
they know that.
But then when they start
to talk to him.
because he smiles and
the way he makes people feel.
they're like.
I see why he's gotten it.
It was just such
an honor to receive this award
and to wear this blue name tag
every day
is just outstanding to me.
Jonathan is just one of
many cast members
who have been part of the Disney
magic for the past 50 years.
and you can continue
to be a part
of the 50th
anniversary celebration
of the most magical
place on Earth
through March 31. 2023.
Now let's head over to
the happiest place on Earth.
Disneyland Resort.
to see some of that magic
and wonder in action.
Marcus. Sherry.
what's going on over there?
Derek. Julianne!
We are witnessing
the regal beauty
of the
Candlelight Christmas Ball.
I know!
That's why
I'm curtsying.
We are in the presence
of royalty. Marcus.
Oh. right. yes.
My bad.
Perfect form.
And look. there's Princess Tiana
and Prince Naveen.
Cinderella
and Prince Charming.
Aurora and Prince Phillip.
Belle and Beast.
Ariel and Prince Eric.
All these couples
are relationship goals.
I actually have some spoken word
I'd like to throw out.
Here it goes.
[ Clears throat ]
"Prince and princesses.
hand in hand.
Joy and peace reign
through the land.
True love comes
to one and all
at our Candlelight
Christmas Ball."
That is good.
Did you just make that up?
Nah. I'm just reading it
off the float.
But doesn't that
just say it all?
Yeah. it does.
And you know what?
Hosting this parade
is really a dream come true.
Yeah. Disney is all about
making wishes come true.
That's why they teamed up
with Make-A-Wish
to grant over 145.000 wishes
and counting since 1980.
Disneyland was
actually a part
of the first official
wish ever granted.
and they have been renewing
hope. uplifting spirits.
and uniting family.
friends. and communities
with life-changing experiences
ever since.
and will continue
to do so.
That is beautiful.
And right here with us
are three awesome kids
from Make-A-Wish
enjoying the parade.
Say hi to Samantha.
watching the parade over there.
And also Justin
with his family.
And there's Ricky
enjoying the floats.
They look like they're
having a great time.
We'll be right back.
Announcer: We've got more
holiday music coming your way
with Chloe Flower
and country star Maren Morris.
Plus. some of your favorite
Disney characters and Santa
when the "Disney Parks Magical
Christmas Day Parade" continues.
Don't go away.
These days. we measure
time a little differently.
[ Giggles ]
The way her hand fits
into mine.
♪♪
How many times the tooth fairy
has visited.
Or simply how much heavier she
feels when I carry her to bed.
All I know is
this kind of magic
only lasts so long.
♪♪
Hi. I'm Lin-Manuel Miranda from
"Encanto" at the Hollywood Bowl.
wishing you a magical season
from our familia to yours.
Sending everyone the warmest
and happiest holiday wishes
full of love. great food.
and lots of laughter.
This is Diandra Lyle from
"Secrets of Sulphur Springs."
and I want to wish everyone
a very happy holiday season.
Welcome back to "Disney Parks
Magical Christmas Day Parade."
One of my favorite things
about this holiday tradition
is hanging out
here at the park
and hearing my favorite
holiday music
performed by some of the biggest
artists in the world.
And to get into the spirit.
we invited a Grammy-winning
country superstar
to sing a song that makes me
think about the magic of Disney
every time I hear it.
With
"When You Wish Upon a Star."
here's Maren Morris.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ When you wish upon a star ♪
♪ Makes no difference
who you are ♪
♪ Anything your heart desires ♪
♪ Will come to you ♪
♪ If your heart is
in your dream ♪
♪ No request is too extreme ♪
♪ When you wish upon a star ♪
♪ As dreamers do ♪
♪ Fate is kind ♪
♪ It brings to those who love ♪
♪ The sweet fulfillment of ♪
♪ Their secret longing ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Like a bolt out of the blue ♪
♪ Fate steps in
and sees you through ♪
♪ When you wish upon a star ♪
♪ Your dreams come true ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you.
Merry Christmas!
Wow. Give it up!
That was beautiful.
Wow.
Oh. my goodness.
That was absolutely stunning.
I mean. what was that like.
singing that song
in front of
Cinderella's Castle?
What does that
mean to you?
I feel like this is
a green screen or something.
I don't know
if it's quite real.
It's not.
It's such a dream come true.
It really is.
And what advice
would you have for kids
who might be
watching at home.
who might be wishing
on their own stars?
I mean. just keep after it.
Be patient.
It does not
happen overnight.
Also. my son is in the crowd.
so I'm telling you too. Hayes.
Yeah!
Yeah.
[ Laughs ]
Well. that was
absolutely stunning.
Thank you so much
for being here.
Thank you!
Give it up one more time.
ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
For over 100 years.
Disney stories have inspired us
to believe in the impossible.
and that's why we're excited
to celebrate
with this all-new short
from the artists of
Walt Disney Animation Studios.
featuring one of Walt Disney's
earliest creations.
Oswald the Lucky Rabbit.
This good-natured prankster
debuted in 1927
and audiences immediately
fell in love.
Let's see why.
♪♪
Announcer:
Christmas Day continues
when David Foster
and Katharine McPhee return
with another performance.
Plus. Ne-Yo brings his own
special brand of holiday cheer
that you're not gonna
want to miss.
The magic is calling you to
stay at a Disney Resort hotel
where you're surrounded
by the world's
most magical celebration.
The fun never stops.
Special friends greet you.
[ Screech ]
You soar to adventures
with extra time in any of the
four theme parks every day.
Don't miss
the Walt Disney World
50th Anniversary Celebration.
Save up to $400
on a 4-night/4-day
room & ticket package
at select Disney Resort hotels.
♪♪
Hey. everybody.
Happy holidays.
Hope you have
a wonderful holiday season
and a very happy New Year
with the people that you love.
Hey. everyone. Wanted to wish
everyone a very happy holidays.
I hope you're doing
what you want
and with the ones you love.
Happy holidays.
Sherry: Welcome back.
The excitement here
is building.
We're all waiting to see
the man himself -- Santa!
But right now.
here comes one of my personal
favorite parts of the parade.
the Green Army Patrol.
Marcus: Wow. And I love seeing
my favorites from "Toy Story."
There's Jessie riding
in her Humdinger vehicle.
Hello.
And Woody!
Wow. he's got some serious
cowboy skills.
♪ Make our dreams come true ♪
And now. the Toy Factory
is heading our way.
You know. the Toy Factory float
is both the tallest
and the longest float
in the parade.
topping out at over 19 feet tall
and 48 feet long.
And it was added to the parade
in 2008.
Marcus
bringing the stats.
Respect.
And my man
Buzz Lightyear!
You know.
I dressed up as Buzz
four years in a row
for Halloween.
Yes. I do know.
Your mom and I
have a shared album.
Okay.
As a matter of fact.
we have the photo.
Wow. Photo evidence.
Look at that.
Aww!
The only thing as fun
as working in a toy factory
is hosting the Christmas parade
with you. Marcus.
Aww.
I just want to say
for the record
that you're doing
a fantastic job.
Thank you. Sherry.
That means a lot
coming from you.
You're like my
parade host hero.
Aww. Thanks. Marcus.
I take this job
very seriously.
Wait.
Are you crying?
I think I just -- Yeah.
I have something in my eye.
He needs a moment.
It's okay.
Yeah.
Hey. you know who else takes
their job very seriously?
Who?
Santa!
You know.
he's been busy all morning.
but I just heard
he's been spotted
in Southern California
skies.
He should be touching down
any minute now.
And I can't contain
myself.
Pull yourself together.
Marcus!
We're almost there.
But we've got a job to do.
Right now. let's head back
to Walt Disney World
to check in
with Julianne.
♪♪
Thank you.
Marcus and Sherry.
Now. we know the holidays are
all about gathering with family.
friends. and loved ones.
But what about
the other days of the year?
After noticing her schoolmates
were having a difficult time
making friends
and feeling lonely herself.
Sammie Vance decided
to take action
to help even the shyest kid
make a buddy.
Check it out.
Hi. I'm Sammie Vance.
I'm 14 years old.
and I'm the founder
of Sammie's Buddy Bench Project.
When I was 8 years old.
I heard about
what a buddy bench was.
She said. "Mom. it's a place
where somebody can sit.
and if they're lonely.
it signals somebody else to come
over and ask them to play.
So my school needs this.
I see other people lonely.
and I'm lonely."
To feel lonely.
it kind of leaves just
an empty pit in your stomach.
I've been lonely myself.
and it's not a good feeling.
so I didn't want others
to feel that way.
♪♪
Jeremy: She had that empathy.
wanting to make sure
that everybody else
was feeling included
and valued.
My mom found the company
that makes benches
out of plastic caps and lids.
I like to call it a three-in-one
where it helps
the environment. friendships.
and also helps to bring
the community closer together
while collecting the caps.
Hi. guys. how are you?
Students: Good.
Sammie: Before I started
Sammie's Buddy Bench Project.
I was a lot less outgoing.
A shy little girl that could
barely utter a few words
knew she needed to do it.
and so put herself out there.
How many buddy benches
have you collected
since you've started?
Over 250 buddy benches
across the world.
The furthest one right now
is in Ghana.
Where was
the first buddy bench?
Can you make them
in different colors?
Who helped you?
All of Fort Wayne
and across the U. S.
helped me collect caps.
Pretty much everyone.
I started with just some benches
at my school.
and it's grown into a podcast.
I published a book.
We started something
called Caps for a Cause.
Basically. we collect caps
and we make them into murals.
Woman: She's on a mission. and
she's always finding new ways
to show kindness.
She's a role model.
definitely.
Sammie: I think what
keeps me motivated
is knowing that the impact
I'm having
will hopefully make.
like. a chain reaction.
spreading kindness
throughout the whole world.
♪♪
Heidi: Our family
loves board games.
and we love Disney.
Jeremy: So tonight. we get to
finally reveal to the kids
that we're going
on a Disney cruise.
It's gonna be exciting.
Kids are gonna love it.
We're pretty excited.
[ Chuckles ]
"What is the first thing
Phineas and Ferb
built during summer vacation?"
You don't know this.
Aaron?!
I'll show you guys
how it's done.
Alright.
one. two. three.
Actually. Sammie.
this card's for you.
"What's 1.119 feet long
and is where
magic meets the sea?"
A Disney cruise?
[ Laughs ]
"Because of all
you have done
and continue to do to spread
kindness around the world.
Disney Cruise Line
would like to invite
you and our family
aboard the all-new Disney Wish
to celebrate
the holidays."
[ Laughter ]
Actually?!
For real?!
You're the best!
♪♪
Sammie: I'm still kind of
in shock. I guess.
I didn't expect that. like.
at all.
Thank you. Sammie. so
much! You're the best
sister in the world!
You're so nice!
Best sister ever!
[ Cheering ]
♪♪
Announcer: Disney Wish.
please welcome aboard
the Vance family!
♪♪
Sammie: It was really cool
to experience
the Arendelle dinner.
It felt like we were. like.
in "Frozen."
♪♪
I'm at the Walt Disney Theatre
and just got
a behind-the-scenes tour.
Thing that really surprised me
is the amount of people
that work backstage.
Also. the props.
They're really big.
♪♪
The AquaMouse water slide
was crazy cool.
It was really fun
and refreshing.
Gonna do this again?
Let's do this again!
Jeremy:
Disney has been fantastic
in ensuring that every kid
and their imagination
can come to life.
Sammie: Everywhere you go.
there's something new
and something more
to be discovered.
Heidi: It was magical.
It was like a wish come true.
Together:
Thank you. Disney Wish!
Ah. that was so super sweet.
Thank you so much. Sammie.
for making the world
a friendlier place.
It's time for more
Christmas magic.
Here they are once again.
singing
"Grown Up Christmas List."
it's David Foster
and Katharine McPhee.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ Do you remember me? ♪
♪ I sat upon your knee ♪
♪ I wrote to you
with childhood fantasies ♪
♪ Well. I'm all grown up now ♪
♪ But still need help somehow ♪
♪ I'm not a child ♪
♪ But my heart still can dream ♪
♪ So here's my lifelong wish ♪
♪ My grown-up Christmas list ♪
♪ Not for myself
but for a world in need ♪
♪♪
♪ No more lives torn apart ♪
♪ And wars would never start ♪
♪ And time would
heal all hearts ♪
♪ And everyone
would have a friend ♪
♪ And right would always win ♪
♪ And love would never end ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ This is my grown-up
Christmas list ♪
♪♪
♪ What is this illusion
called? ♪
♪ The innocence of youth ♪
♪ Baby. only in
our blind belief ♪
♪ Can we ever find the truth ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ There'll be
no more lives torn apart ♪
♪ That wars would never start ♪
♪ And time would
heal all hearts ♪
♪ And everyone
would have a friend ♪
♪ And right would always win ♪
♪ And love would never end ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ This is my grown-up
Christmas list ♪
♪ This is my only
lifelong wish ♪
♪ This is my grown-up ♪
♪ Christmas list ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm. mmm ♪
Merry Christmas. everyone.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Announcer: The holiday
celebration continues
with performances from Ne-Yo
and the wonderful Chloe Flower
when the "Disney Parks Magical
Christmas Day Parade" returns.
♪♪
This is an S. O. S.
from Nova Corps!
Everything
is disappearing!
Our outpost on Earth. EPCOT.
is in danger!
[ "Love Rollercoaster" plays ]
Hey. Quill.
this thing is so broken.
I am Groot.
Help the galaxy
before it's too late!
Uh. Quill.
you seeing this?
[ Snoring ]
Quill!
Well. you heard the lady.
Get to Epcot.
It's "save the galaxy" time!
Again.
♪ Rollercoaster of love ♪
♪ Rollercoaster ♪
♪♪
I'm Dany Garcia.
And I am
Dwayne Johnson.
And on behalf
of the XFL.
we're here to wish
everyone out there...
...a very. very
merry Christmas
to you and your families.
Enjoy.
Hey. everyone.
I hope that you guys
are having
a wonderful holiday season
and having special time
with your family
and all of your friends.
I think this is the most
magical time of the year
because it's a time
to slow down.
spend quality time
with our loved ones.
and just remember
to center your own gratitude.
Welcome back.
Let's continue
the holiday celebration
with a performance
by a unique musician.
She's combined her love of pop
and classical music
into her own distinctive style
she calls "popsicle."
Alright. well.
let's get a taste. shall we?
Performing a Christmas medley
is the amazing Chloe Flower.
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ "Jingle Bells" plays ]
♪♪
[ "White Christmas" plays ]
[ "O Come. All Ye Faithful"
plays ]
♪♪
[ "White Christmas" plays ]
[ "Jingle Bells" plays ]
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Derek: Wow! Give it up!
There are so many things
to love about this holiday.
but if you're a sports fan.
one of the best things
is the NBA on Christmas Day.
You get to see the biggest teams
go head to head.
Here's the NBA Today team.
Happy holidays.
I'm Malika Andrews.
And I'm Chiney Ogwumike.
And we have
some exciting news
because ESPN and ABC.
they've teamed up
to give basketball fans
not one. but five great
NBA Christmas Day games.
That's over 13 hours
of coverage.
That's right.
And it all starts noon Eastern.
when the 76ers
play the Knicks.
And then the Lakers.
they take on the Mavs
at 2:30 p. m..
followed by the Bucs
going head to head
with the Celtics at 5:00.
Now. the slate includes
a blockbuster prime-time matchup
at 8:00 p. m. as the Grizzlies
face the Warriors.
And then the lineup
finishes off with the Suns
going up against the Nuggets
at 10:30 p. m.
And you can catch all of
those games on ABC and ESPN.
Both:
Merry Christmas. everybody!
It's NBA on Christmas Day
right after the parade.
Announcer:
Santa has been spotted
making his way
down Main Street. U. S. A..
and is almost here.
And a truly magical
holiday performance
from the one and only Ne-Yo
when the "Disney Parks Magical
Christmas Day Parade" returns.
Legend has it
that there's this place
where the sun
makes encounters warmer.
the winds feel transformative.
and land and sea
join forces to create
a whole new world of wonder.
It's a place where many
great things have begun.
Spectacular things.
Magical things.
Legendary things.
Let your legend begin
at Aulani.
a Disney Resort & Spa
in Hawaii.
♪♪
Hi. My name's Johari Washington.
from
"Secrets of Sulphur Springs."
and happy holidays!
Hi. there!
I'm Sasheer Zamata.
from "Home Economics."
and from all of us
to you and yours.
happy holidays!
Hey. everyone.
I just wanted to wish you
a merry Christmas
and happy holidays.
We're back.
and as you can see.
Mickey and Minnie
just finished the parade
and are
looking fabulous.
They're giving us a preview
of what guests can expect
starting next year here
at Disneyland Resort
in California.
when Mickey and Minnie
and some of your favorite
friends will all be dressed
especially for this
wonderful occasion.
And you can check out
the brand-new attraction.
Mickey and Minnie's
Runaway Railway.
coming
to Disneyland Park.
It all starts
January 27th.
Hey. I see
the big Christmas tree!
You know
what that means!
It's the moment
we've all been waiting for!
The arrival of Mr. Christmas
himself -- Santa!
Hi. Santa!
I'm new!
My name is Marcus!
He's Santa.
He knows everyone's name.
I know.
I just got nervous.
Merry Christmas. Sherry!
Merry Christmas. Marcus!
Hi! Wow!
Well. there you have it!
Santa has arrived.
capping off another spectacular
Disney Christmas Day Parade.
You know.
it was a pleasure hosting
with you. Marcus. from
the happiest place on Earth.
No. no. the pleasure
was all mine. Sherry.
Merry Christmas.
and happy holidays to everyone.
That's all for us here at
Disneyland. but you can catch me
when "Grown-ish" returns
on January 18th.
And new episodes
of "Good Trouble"
are around the corner.
Back to you.
Derek and Julianne.
Whoo!
It never gets old.
Seeing Santa makes me feel
like a kid every single time.
What a perfect way
to celebrate the holidays.
And now to take us home.
it's an award-winning
singer. songwriter.
and producer
with no shortage of hits
to his name.
Here to spread
some more holiday cheer.
put your hands together
for Ne-Yo!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ You know Dasher and Dancer ♪
♪ And Prancer and Vixen ♪
♪ Comet and Cupid ♪
♪ And Donner and Blitzen ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ But do you recall ♪
♪ The most famous reindeer
of all? ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Rudolph
the red-nosed reindeer ♪
♪ Had a very shiny nose ♪
♪ And if you ever saw it ♪
♪ You would even say it glows ♪
♪ All of the other reindeer ♪
♪ Used to laugh
and call him names ♪
♪ They never let poor Rudolph ♪
♪ Join in any reindeer games ♪
♪ Then one foggy Christmas Eve ♪
♪ Santa came to say ♪
♪ Hey. Rudolph.
with your nose so bright ♪
♪ Won't you guide
my sleigh tonight? ♪
♪ Then all
the reindeer loved him ♪
♪ Loved him ♪
♪ As they shouted out
with glee ♪
♪ Rudolph
the red-nosed reindeer ♪
♪ Reindeer ♪
♪ You'll go down in history ♪
Hey!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ Then one foggy Christmas Eve ♪
♪ Santa came to say ♪
♪ Hey. Rudolph.
with your nose so bright ♪
♪ Won't you guide
my sleigh tonight? ♪
♪ Then all
the reindeer loved him ♪
♪ As they shouted out
with glee ♪
♪ Rudolph
the red-nosed reindeer ♪
♪ You'll go down in ♪
♪ You'll go down in history ♪
♪ Hey. Rudolph. hey. hey ♪
♪ The red-nosed reindeer ♪
♪ Hey. Rudolph.
hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ The red-nosed reindeer ♪
♪ Rudolph
the red-nosed reindeer ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Merry Christmas. everybody!
Hey! Wow!
What a performance.
Whoo!
Is it me or does the
Disney Christmas Day Parade
get even
more magical every year?
It does. because the real magic
is getting to celebrate together
with friends
and loved ones.
We're so grateful that you
invite us into your homes
to continue
this tradition.
We hope you enjoyed
the parade and performances
as much as we did.
A special thanks
to Sherry and Marcus
and all the performers.
and an extra special thanks
to all of you.
Merry Christmas. everybody!
Whoo!
Merry Christmas.
everybody!
We will see you
next year!
Whoo!
♪♪